[DLS] Added Area1 to DLS docs (#7621)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/data-localization/_index.md

| Platform | Logpull | ⚫️ | ✅ | 🚧[^12] |
| | Logpush | ⚫️ | ✅ | 🚧[^13] |
| Zero Trust | Access | 🚧[^14] | 🚧[^15] | 🚧[^16] |

> | | Area1 | ⚫️ | ✅[^23] | 🚧[^24] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| | Area 1 | ⚫️ | ✅[^23] | 🚧[^24] |
```

[^19]:Uses Gateway and CASB.
[^20]:You can [bring your own certificate](https://blog.cloudflare.com/bring-your-certificates-cloudflare-gateway/) to Gateway but these cannot yet be restricted to a specific region.
[^21]:Gateway HTTP supports Regional Services. Gateway DNS does not yet support regionalization. <br> ICMP proxy and WARP-to-WARP proxy are not available to Regional Services users.
[^22]:Logs are currently stored in the US only, but customers have the [option to exclude PII from logs](/cloudflare-one/analytics/logs/gateway-logs/manage-pii/).
[^23]:US and EU region only. <br> For Area 1, this is called the **Processing & Inspection Boundary**.

> [^24]:Email metadata (subject, from:, to:) can only be stored in US. <br> Customers have the option to obfuscate  metadata from being viewed by Cloudflare. <br> Email message bodies are only stored for emails that are marked with a disposition (i.e. malicious or spam).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^24]:Email metadata (`subject`, `from:`, `to:`) can only be stored in US. <br> Customers have the option to obfuscate  metadata from being viewed by Cloudflare. <br> Email message bodies are only stored for emails that are marked with a disposition (like `MALICIOUS` or `SPAM`).
```
